So we implemented all that user of indication logic.
The one thing we haven't done yet is we're not protecting our back and we're not really using that token
other than for finding out whether we're authenticated or not.
In reality you would have roots on your back and that simply don't work.
If you are not authenticated and we can simulate this here.
Q Back on firebase on the database tab.
If you go to rules you can enforce that the user needs to be authenticated by setting off not equal
to null here for both read and write.
You're ensuring that only users where the authentication state and off as a internal variable managed
by firebase so only worthy authentication said it's not null are allowed to read and write and this
will be set to true or to a valid value by far eBay's automatically when you do pass and a valid off
token along with the request.
So we'll have to use our token to all is appended to requests that reach our back at the same for storing
data.
If we upload an image there on storage we also have a rules tab and we can change the rules here to
make sure that users have to be authenticated for this instead of saying this.
If true you should check whether request which is an object passed in or provided by a firebase off
is on equal to null.
So same logic as in the database case in the end and now only users who added a token are allowed to
upload data for Dad.
We also now need to change our iCloud function a little bit because dad is the thing which in the end
interacts with our backend and with the storage and there we now need to add logic to extract that token
for this will add a new import up there FP admin which requires you firebase admin package which already
was added to package Jason before then year after storage where we defined that storage constant you
call FBI admin initialize app and pass an object to it where you have to set a credential.
And now that's important.
You need to create that credential or a credentials file in your project settings here in your firebase
web console under.
Service Accounts firebase admin SDK here.
Once it is loaded you leave no trace checked and you generate a new private key here.
Which gives you a downloadable file and you should download that and store that in your cloud functions
file and you can rename it to whatever you want I'll name it ironic app Jason but you can named as follow
whatever you want.
Now back in your cloud function code here in the project you set credential equal to FP admin credential
cert and then you require a pointer at this file.
So in my case a relative path pointing at ionic dash app dot Jason and this basically employed stat
key for you and sets up that firebase admin package.
Now what do we need this package for.
We'll need it for using that token later and for authenticating ourselves now.
First of all inside of our function code here though after checking the request method I'll check whether
a token was added and for this we check if specific headers were set.
If an authorization header exists or in this case if it does not exist because I want to block dysfunction
from executing then or if it does exist does offer a station header but it does not start with bearer
which it should because we'll store the token on such a bearer.
Key if either of these two things is true then we know we'll have no token and therefore I'll return
a response with the state as a 401.
With some Jason data where I set an error of an authorized and this is now all no J.S. code of course
attached you also find that finished function where you only need to change your credential file name
and your project name.
So we'll read it together here though I'm checking whether such a token was added to the request if
it was added I'll retrieve it here.
By setting I.D. token equal to request headers authorization.
Splitting this on that bearer identifier and then taking the second value which will be the actual token
the first value would be that bearer identifier string here.
With that token extract it we can continue down to that finish handler
and there.
I will now return a call to FBI admin using that firebase admin package of where I verify the token
the I.D. token we just extracted and if that is valid then we actually would get the decoded token here.
And now all the logic we had in there before
up to this point where we have to first then block goes into here
and we add our then block thereafter.
So now we basically just start by verifying the token.
Then we get the token we know yes we are authenticated and then we simply upload the image as before
and we proceed as before.
That has not changed.
So we simply added this extra check here and the rest of the function can stay the way it is now after
this change.
You should run fire based deploy again after saving this fall to upload this new firebase function.
And now both the cloud function as well as our normal database require a token to be added to the requests
to successfully do their job.
That will be what we do in the next lectures.